4-Advance-JS/412-Final-MCT-Projects/Final_mct_projects.md, before:

## This contains the final projects that you should be making.

### Below are the websites from which you can take some inspiration



## Project Advance Js-412-01

### Typing Speed Test Website - Typing speed test is a game where you can check
- Your typing speed like WPM (Word Per Minute), 
- CPM (Character Per Minute), Accuracy, etc. In my Typing Speed Test Game, 
- The max time for typing is 60 seconds. Once you start typing, 
- You’ll see your time, mistakes, WPM, and CPM at the bottom. 

   link: https://typingtesting.netlify.app/ 


## Project Advance Js-412-02

### Movie Ticket Website - Display movie choices and seats in a theater to select from in order to purchase tickets.
- Display UI with movie select, screen, seats, legend & seat info.
- User can select a movie/price.
- User can select/deselect seats.
- User can not select occupied seats.
- Number of seats and price will update.
- Save seats, movie and price to local storage so that UI is still populated on refresh

Link: https://reverent-bose-df2ec0.netlify.app/

 
## Project Advance Js-412-03

### News Website - Developed a News App Application with the newsApi. The News API is a really powerful database that lets you gather JSON data for news articles all over the web.
- Display UI with category , side navbar, news card.
- pick a category and country and it returns the top 20 articles in that category.
-  Dark and Light Mode functionalities
- key visit newsapi.org and create your id.

Link: https://inshorts-react-clone.netlify.app/
 
  
 
 
## Project Advance Js-412-04

### snake game with the ease of HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Building this game will push you to boost your web development skills. It's very easy to make this game just by using the right tools at the right time. We will use sounds, animations, user input like upward, downward keys, etc.

Link : https://snakegamewebjs.netlify.app/
# INSTRUCTIONS
- Complete all above assignments in their respective folders
- Html should be in ```index.html``` file and styling should be in ```style.css``` file

Commit message:

Three more MCT added to AdvanceJs

4-Advance-JS/412-Final-MCT-Projects/Final_mct_projects.md, after:

## This contains the final projects that you should be making.

### Below are the websites from which you can take some inspiration



## Project Advance Js-412-01

### Typing Speed Test Website - Typing speed test is a game where you can check
- Your typing speed like WPM (Word Per Minute), 
- CPM (Character Per Minute), Accuracy, etc. In my Typing Speed Test Game, 
- The max time for typing is 60 seconds. Once you start typing, 
- You’ll see your time, mistakes, WPM, and CPM at the bottom. 

   link: https://typingtesting.netlify.app/ 


## Project Advance Js-412-02

### Movie Ticket Website - Display movie choices and seats in a theater to select from in order to purchase tickets.
- Display UI with movie select, screen, seats, legend & seat info.
- User can select a movie/price.
- User can select/deselect seats.
- User can not select occupied seats.
- Number of seats and price will update.
- Save seats, movie and price to local storage so that UI is still populated on refresh

Link: https://reverent-bose-df2ec0.netlify.app/

 
## Project Advance Js-412-03

### News Website - Developed a News App Application with the newsApi. The News API is a really powerful database that lets you gather JSON data for news articles all over the web.
- Display UI with category , side navbar, news card.
- pick a category and country and it returns the top 20 articles in that category.
-  Dark and Light Mode functionalities
- key visit newsapi.org and create your id.

Link: https://inshorts-react-clone.netlify.app/
 
  
 


## Project Advance Js-412-04

### Image Search Application: Build a image search application using Html, Css and JavaScipt (text to image).
- Just type a keyword into the search box. 
- Try a few simple words like "bird", "cat", "tree", "lion", or "river" to get a sense of what sort of images can be found.

Link : https://global-asp.github.io/imagebank/


## Project Advance Js-412-05

### Domain Search Application:  Build a domain search application using API.
- Just type a keyword into the search box. then you get to know which domain us available.

Link : https://arbazalam01.github.io/DomainSearch

## Project Advance Js-412-06

### Quiz Application:  Build a quiz application. 
- This application will be able to load questions from a 3rd party API, track and display high scores, and so much more! 

Link : https://safdarjamal.github.io/quiz-app/


# INSTRUCTIONS
- Complete all above assignments in their respective folders
- Html should be in ```index.html``` file and styling should be in ```style.css``` file
